now my slice is here it's seen you can
see that I haven't sliced that too
thickly there so they cook quite quickly
there they are
I'm just going to lay those on the board
before they went on to the barbecue
I brush them with a beautiful flavored
oil Greek extra-virgin olive oil is in
there some lemon zest is grated very
very finely and a clove of crushed
garlic just mix that around and brush
them on top onto the barbecue now first
I'm going to put a slice of tomato on
top of our aubergine you can use plum
tomatoes if you wanted to instead and
next a slice of feta cheese you can get
this so easy in your supermarkets now of
course if you wanted to a good
alternative would be mozzarella and now
some basil this is Greek basil we're so
used to the larger leaf variety but here
they just don't seem to use in cooking
very much it's more used as a fragrance
in their gardens but it's absolutely
delicious and it tastes exactly the same
sprinkle some of those on top as the
feta beautiful and we're going to top
that with some sun-dried tomatoes not
particularly popular in Greece sun-dried
tomatoes you probably can't even get
them here but we've got about own so we
could use them that's it lovely and a
bit of black pepper going on top now you
don't need to put salt on these but
you've got the saltiness coming from the
feta cheese and of course in your
sun-dried tomatoes then I want you to
take the ends and just fold those over
join those with a cocktail snake which
is not imperative but of course you'd
have to be very very careful when you
turn them over on the barbecue and you
just pop those on the edge of your
barbecue there those nice sort of medium
to hot coals we're really just warming
that flue to release some of those
wonderful flavors and that's only going
to take about two or three minutes
including the turnin and now on to our
aubergine dip look at that
it's been blisters as I said just going
to split that open
and reveal that juicy flesh inside
absolutely lovely that's it but my nice
Gordon pestle and mortar here it's going
to pick that up and scrape that into the
pot there you can see a few of those
little black bits might go you can pull
those out but it all adds to all the
sort of flavor and everything and that
we're going to add juice half a lemon
and we drizzle in some virgin olive oil
all right a clove of crushed garlic
little pinch there of ground cumin
that's Lee said teaspoon of chopped
parsley and a tablespoon of Katinas
beautiful creamy Greek yogurt now that
is optional but it does give it a
wonderful creamy taste give that a bit
of a mix oh just turn over those feta
rolls so you really don't take long at
all Lee
to cause some salt and of course some
freshly ground black pepper
can't beat it give that a good mix in
there now let seasoning binding those
flavors I'm so often at home the Tama
startled who is it the one that you go
out and buy and out here in Greece this
aubergine dip really is very very
popular